Help me with something, I'll pay you 500,000 yuan.
Next, what do you mean by what you just said?
Brother Yunze, do all of you men have a crush on your own sister, the mistress?
Gu Hui An'an's sister, Mistress, came to see you?
Do you think Gu Huian will like her?
I can't say this, either.
After all, I really like my sister, Mistress.
The Emperor and I, Brother Yunze, stop joking.
Shit, I'm not kidding.
I like you
i always like you
I heard before that I don’t have a boyfriend.
I didn't dare to disturb you
Later I heard that you broke up
I thought my chance had come
But who would have thought that thousands of you would get married?
Thank you, lady brother
I have always regarded you as my elder brother.
you will meet
I'm sorry for being a better person, Xiaoxiao
I'm going to book an area abroad soon.
I'll help you
You can't even drink
I'll take you home